com/a7apps/tvbase/adapter/TabAdapSeries.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.adapter.TabAdapSeries
com/a7apps/tvbase/connection/Connect.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.connection.Connect
com/a7apps/tvbase/data/DataPop.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.data.DataPop
com/a7apps/tvbase/assistant/AssistantMethods.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.assistant.AssistantMethods
com/a7apps/tvbase/database/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.database.DatabaseHelper
com/a7apps/tvbase/BuildConfig.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.BuildConfig
com/a7apps/tvbase/connection/Connection.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.connection.Connection
 com.a7apps.tvbase.connection.Connection$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.connection.Connection$2
com/a7apps/tvbase/assistant/Constants.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.assistant.Constants
com/a7apps/tvbase/adapter/TabAdapMovies.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.adapter.TabAdapMovies
com/a7apps/tvbase/data/DataWatch.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.data.DataWatch
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/movies/MoviesFragment.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.MoviesFragment
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.MoviesFragment$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.MoviesFragment$1$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.MoviesFragment$1$1$1
com/a7apps/tvbase/MainActivity.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.MainActivity
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/series/tabs/WatchlistSeriesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.tabs.WatchlistSeriesFrag
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/customlists/CustomListsFragment.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.customlists.CustomListsFragment
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/search/SearchFragment.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment$1$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment$1$1$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment$2
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.search.SearchFragment$3
com/a7apps/tvbase/adapter/AdapRV.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.adapter.AdapRV
 com.a7apps.tvbase.adapter.AdapRV$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.adapter.AdapRV$HolderAdapRV
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/series/SeriesFragment.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.SeriesFragment
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.SeriesFragment$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.SeriesFragment$1$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.SeriesFragment$1$1$1
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/movies/tabs/PopMoviesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.tabs.PopMoviesFrag
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.tabs.PopMoviesFrag$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.tabs.PopMoviesFrag$1$1
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/series/tabs/WatchedSeriesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.tabs.WatchedSeriesFrag
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/movies/tabs/WatchedMoviesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.tabs.WatchedMoviesFrag
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/movies/tabs/WatchlistMoviesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.movies.tabs.WatchlistMoviesFrag
com/a7apps/tvbase/ui/series/tabs/PopSeriesFrag.java
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.tabs.PopSeriesFrag
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.tabs.PopSeriesFrag$1
 com.a7apps.tvbase.ui.series.tabs.PopSeriesFrag$1$1
